README.md, before:

# Profile Review

## Page 2

### (Amazing experience) and engagement.

> Focusing on creating solutions that **(drives)** **(human behavior)** and engagement.

PROPOSING:

We focus on creating solutions that **(drive)** **(something else, e.g. amazing experience)** and engagement.

### Our goal, business that stand out.

> **(Our goal businesses)** stand out in the digital world using, web strategies, mobile solutions and digital marketing.

PROPOSING:

**(Our goal, businesses)** stand out in the digital world using, web strategies, mobile solutions and digital marketing.

### Our goal regular, our vision bold

> - Our goal   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (regular)
> - Our vision &nbsp;             (bold)

PROPOSING:

Nothing really, **just asking, why?**

## Page  3

> … constantly learning about **(new user behaviors)** **(and keeping track)**
of the latest trends so that your website doesn’t just show off your
awesome product, but also learn and **(evolve)** to better relate to your
customer needs.

PROPOSING:

… constantly learning about new user behavior and keeping track while
keeping track of the latest trends so that your website doesn’t just
show off your awesome product but also evolve to better relate to your
customers needs.

## Page 7

> “Creativity is intelligence having fun”.

PROPOSING:

Quote the author.

## Page 8

### Apps are solid and successful

> … your mobile application **(is a solid and successful)**, We don’t just…

PROPOSING:

Complete the first part of the sentence before… "We don’t just". Example:
… your mobile application is as successful as it is a solid, well
crafted piece of art.

## We build stuff

> We don’t just build apps…

PROPOSING:

Own a paragraph.

Be an owl.

On its own, see an outro.

## Page 9

### Add an app, BiasharaPlus

> BiasharaPlus app enables you to get **(all current product price
listings)** **(for forever products)** on your hand, there is no need to
**(carry along)** leaflets for price listings any more…

PROPOSING:

BiasharaPlus enables you… to get price listings of all current Forever
**(show that it is a trademark)** there is no longer a need to carry a
long leaflet of price listings. Get it all, straight from your
smartphone.


## Page 11

### African Fashion connects Africa and Fashion

> We created African Fashion to connect African fashion lovers all over the world…

PROPOSING:

We created African Fashion to connect Africa and Fashion.

Being listed as 2015 Pivot East Finalist’s is enough proof to us that
African Fashion needs African Fashion, the app.


## Page 14

### The typos

> (1st paragraph) Too many typographic errors.

PROPOSING:

Fix the typos.

### Approaching the end

> (Our approach)

PROPOSING:

Understanding the problem is key. Our hands joined with our customers,
we open doors to simple and usable digital solutions.

Then, we visualize. All insights are churned to ensure that partially
digested problems are broken down into fine-grain absorbable units. We
use these units to sketch a walking skeleton of the proposed digital
solution.

On the last stage, we quickly ship a working product,
a platform for our client's feeback but also a platform to help us deliver.
With each shipment we iterate, each one dressed to suit adjustments by the user and the market.

The only right, our client's right; a product done right.

## Page 15

> (Everything is in order)

PROPOSING:

Whether you want us to work on your mobile application, website
strategy, or on digital marketing for you company, rest assured, we
are all about exceptional results.

Let’s get started today.

Commit message:

If you're about the results, start today

README.md, after:

# Profile Review

## Page 2

### (Amazing experience) and engagement.

> Focusing on creating solutions that **(drives)** **(human behavior)** and engagement.

PROPOSING:

We focus on creating solutions that **(drive)** **(something else, e.g. amazing experience)** and engagement.

### Our goal, business that stand out.

> **(Our goal businesses)** stand out in the digital world using, web strategies, mobile solutions and digital marketing.

PROPOSING:

**(Our goal, businesses)** stand out in the digital world using, web strategies, mobile solutions and digital marketing.

### Our goal regular, our vision bold

> - Our goal   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (regular)
> - Our vision &nbsp;             (bold)

PROPOSING:

Nothing really, **just asking, why?**

## Page  3

> … constantly learning about **(new user behaviors)** **(and keeping track)**
of the latest trends so that your website doesn’t just show off your
awesome product, but also learn and **(evolve)** to better relate to your
customer needs.

PROPOSING:

… constantly learning about new user behavior and keeping track while
keeping track of the latest trends so that your website doesn’t just
show off your awesome product but also evolve to better relate to your
customers needs.

## Page 7

> “Creativity is intelligence having fun”.

PROPOSING:

Quote the author.

## Page 8

### Apps are solid and successful

> … your mobile application **(is a solid and successful)**, We don’t just…

PROPOSING:

Complete the first part of the sentence before… "We don’t just". Example:
… your mobile application is as successful as it is a solid, well
crafted piece of art.

## We build stuff

> We don’t just build apps…

PROPOSING:

Own a paragraph.

Be an owl.

On its own, see an outro.

## Page 9

### Add an app, BiasharaPlus

> BiasharaPlus app enables you to get **(all current product price
listings)** **(for forever products)** on your hand, there is no need to
**(carry along)** leaflets for price listings any more…

PROPOSING:

BiasharaPlus enables you… to get price listings of all current Forever
**(show that it is a trademark)** there is no longer a need to carry a
long leaflet of price listings. Get it all, straight from your
smartphone.


## Page 11

### African Fashion connects Africa and Fashion

> We created African Fashion to connect African fashion lovers all over the world…

PROPOSING:

We created African Fashion to connect Africa and Fashion.

Being listed as 2015 Pivot East Finalist’s is enough proof to us that
African Fashion needs African Fashion, the app.


## Page 14

### The typos

> (1st paragraph) Too many typographic errors.

PROPOSING:

Fix the typos.

### Approaching the end

> (Our approach)

PROPOSING:

Understanding the problem is key. Our hands joined with our customers,
we open doors to simple and usable digital solutions.

Then, we visualize. All insights are churned to ensure that partially
digested problems are broken down into fine-grain absorbable units. We
use these units to sketch a walking skeleton of the proposed digital
solution.

On the last stage, we quickly ship a working product,
a platform for our client's feeback but also a platform to help us deliver.
With each shipment we iterate, each one dressed to suit adjustments by the user and the market.

The only right, our client's right; a product done right.

## Page 15

### If you're about results, start today

> (Everything in order)

PROPOSING:

Whether you want us to work on your mobile app, website
strategy, or on digital marketing for you company, rest assured, we
are all about exceptional results.

Let’s get started today.
