Page 2
—

Noticed:
*(drives) *(human behavior) and engagement.

Proposing:
Focusing on creating solutions that drive (something else) and engagement.

Noticed:
*(Our goal businesses) stand out…

Proposing:
Our goal, businesses that stand out…

Noticed:
- Our goal (not in bold)
- Our vision (in bold)

Proposing:
Nothing really, just asking why?


Page  3
—

Noticed:
… constantly learning about *(new user behaviors) *(and keeping track)
of the latest trends so that your website doesn’t just show off your
awesome product, but also learn and *(evolve) to better relate to your
customer needs.

Proposing:
… constantly learning about new user behavior and keeping track while
keeping track of the latest trends so that your website doesn’t just
show off your awesome product but also evolve to better relate to your
customers needs.


Page 7
—

Noticed:
“Creativity is intelligence having fun”.

Proposing:
Quote the author.


Page 8
—

Noticed:
… your mobile application *(is a solid and successful), We don’t just…

Proposing:
Complete the first part of the sentence before… “We don’t just”. Example:
… your mobile application is as successful as it is a solid, well
crafted piece of art.

Noticed:
We don’t just build apps…

Proposing:
On its own paragraph. To be treated more like an outro.


Page 9
—

Noticed:
BiasharaPlus app enables you to get *(all current product price
listings) *(for forever products) on your hand, there is no need to
*(carry along) leaflets for price listings any more…

Proposing:
BiasharaPlus enables you… to get price listings of all current Forever
(show that it is a trademark) there is no longer a need to carry a
long leaflet of price listings. Get it all, straight from your
smartphone.


Page 11
—

Noticed:
We created African Fashion to connect African fashion lovers all over the world…

Proposing:
We created African Fashion to connect Africa and Fashion.

Being listed as 2015 Pivot East Finalist’s is enough proof to us that
African Fashion needs African Fashion, the app.


Page 14
—

Noticed:
(1st paragraph) too many typographic errors.

Proposing:
Fix the typos.

Heads up! I was just having fun ahead…

Understanding the problem is key. Our hands joined with our customers,
we open doors to simple and usable digital solutions.

Then, we visualize. All insights are churned to ensure that partially
digested problems are broken down into fine-grain absorbable units. We
use these units to sketch a walking skeleton of the proposed digital
solution.

---

> Heads up! Work in progress.

We then deliver.

- FedEx, UPS, DHL
- It’s all in the delivery
- Just need to package it right.

---

Page 15
—

Noticed:
(Everything is in order)

Proposing:
Whether you want us to work on your mobile application, website
strategy, or on digital marketing for you company, rest assured, we
are all about exceptional results.

Let’s get started today.
